Cilium: Add unreachable route for pod IP on deletion option (#15050)
kubernetes/kops: docs/releases/1.26-NOTES.md

* All legacy addons are deprecated in favor of managed addons, including the [metrics server addon](https://github.com/kubernetes/kops/tree/master/addons/metrics-server) and the [autoscaler addon](https://github.com/kubernetes/kops/tree/master/addons/cluster-autoscaler).

# Full change list since 1.25.0 release

## 1.26.0-beta.2 to 1.26.0-beta.3

> * Add unreachable route for pod IP on deletion option in Cilium [@anthonyhaussman](https://github.com/anthonyhaussman) [#15050](https://github.com/kubernetes/kops/pull/15050)

Reviewer: This bit is autogenerated. You can add a section `Other changes of note` towards the end. See https://kops.sigs.k8s.io/releases/1.23-notes/#other-changes-of-note

Reviewer 2: Just in the 1.26 release notes, not 1.27 also.

Author: I correct this :ok_hand:

Author: I hope it's okay now @olemarkus @hakman :slightly_smiling_face:

* kOps needs maintainers for Canal, Flannel, Kube-Router, and Spotinst to keep versions up to date and move the integration from experimental to stable.
If no volunteers step up by the time kOps 1.27 is released, support will be phased out.

# Other changes of note

> * Add unreachable route for pod IP on deletion option in Cilium [@anthonyhaussman](https://github.com/anthonyhaussman) [#15050](https://github.com/kubernetes/kops/pull/15050)

Reviewer 2: Please move to the top, just before breaking changes.
```suggestion
* Added unreachable route for pod IP on deletion option in Cilium.
```

Author: Done :ok_hand:
